>> Speaker 1: How can we check
the size of the state tree?
Do we ever need to clean the state tree?
Are you worried about how
big the storage gets?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's
never been a problem for me.
I would say, I'd be worried about
state if it wasn't in the state tree.
And so, by condensing it and
consolidating into a single place,
I've actually found that my applications
have become far more performing.
There maybe a case where you're
loading in 10,000 objects.
And so there is a possibility you may
have just a ridiculous amount of state.
I would say that's probably
a UX problem at that point.
So if you have 10,000 things
in your application store,
how could somebody possibly have
a meaningful interaction with that?
The other thing is,
because you're doing immutable operations,
is that it's actually far
more performant on memory.
Cuz you're actually just
creating new pointers and
not trying to do this change or
did this not?
>> Speaker 1: The other two questions
are on setting initial state.
Can we fetch the projects in
ngOnInit instead of the constructor?
And would it work any differently?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So you can.
So typically,
I try to avoid doing any complex
construction logic in the constructor.
So any kind of setup logic.
Because when this is initialized,
that the store has already been
initialized ahead of that.
It's typically not a problem, but
you definitely could move it to ngOnInit.
This right here, I will also say
that we're going to be refactoring
this kind of selector in here,
so it's a lot cleaner.
Because if I saw this in the constructor,
I was like, that's not good.
But once you actually clean that up and
you're not doing that,
it doesn't offend me as much.
Because I know for a fact that the store
already exists and it is initialized.
But you could do that in ngOnInit and
it wont be a problem